scene_path = /home/arrias/Projects/graphics/graphics-course-practice/2022/hw2/sponza.obj
warn = Material file [ sponza.mtl ] not found in a path : 
Failed to load material file(s). Use default material.
material [ 'leaf' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'Material__57' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'vase_round' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'Material__298' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'bricks' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'bricks' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'arch' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'ceiling' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_a' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_a' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_a' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_a' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_a' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_a' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_a' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_a' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'arch' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'floor' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'ceiling' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'arch' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'arch' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'bricks' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'ceiling' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'bricks' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'arch' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'ceiling' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'arch' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'ceiling' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'arch' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'ceiling' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'arch' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'ceiling' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'arch' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'ceiling' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'arch' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'ceiling' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'arch' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'ceiling' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'arch' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'ceiling' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'arch' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'ceiling' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'arch' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'arch' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'arch' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'arch' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'arch' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'arch' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'arch' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'arch' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'arch' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'arch' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'arch' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'bricks' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'arch' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'bricks' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'bricks' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'details' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'details' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'bricks' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'details' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'bricks' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'details' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'details' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'bricks' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'bricks' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'floor' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_a' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_a' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_a' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_a' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'arch' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'arch' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'arch' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'column_b' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'Material__47' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'bricks' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'flagpole' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'flagpole' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'flagpole' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'flagpole' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'flagpole' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'flagpole' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'flagpole' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'flagpole' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'flagpole' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'flagpole' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'flagpole' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'flagpole' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'flagpole' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'flagpole' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'flagpole' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'flagpole' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'leaf' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'leaf' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'leaf' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'leaf' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'leaf' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'leaf' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'leaf' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'fabric_e' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'fabric_d' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'fabric_a' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'fabric_e' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'fabric_d' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'fabric_e' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'fabric_a' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'fabric_d' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'flagpole' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'flagpole' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'flagpole' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'flagpole' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'flagpole' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'flagpole' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'flagpole' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'flagpole' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'flagpole' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'flagpole' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'flagpole' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'flagpole' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'flagpole' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'flagpole' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'flagpole' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'flagpole' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'flagpole' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'flagpole' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'flagpole' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'flagpole' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'flagpole' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'flagpole' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'flagpole' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'flagpole' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'flagpole' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'flagpole' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'flagpole' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'flagpole' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'flagpole' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'flagpole' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'fabric_g' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'fabric_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'fabric_f' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'fabric_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'fabric_f' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'fabric_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'fabric_g' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'fabric_f' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'fabric_c' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'fabric_g' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'chain' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'chain' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'chain' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'chain' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'vase_hanging' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'vase_hanging' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'vase_hanging' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'vase_hanging' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'vase_hanging' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'chain' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'chain' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'chain' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'chain' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'vase_hanging' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'vase_hanging' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'vase_hanging' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'vase_hanging' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'vase_hanging' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'chain' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'chain' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'chain' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'chain' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'vase_hanging' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'vase_hanging' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'vase_hanging' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'vase_hanging' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'vase_hanging' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'chain' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'chain' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'chain' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'chain' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'vase_hanging' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'vase_hanging' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'vase_hanging' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'vase_hanging' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'vase_hanging' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'Material__57' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'vase_round' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'Material__57' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'vase_round' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'Material__57' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'vase_round' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'Material__57' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'vase_round' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'Material__57' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'vase_round' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'Material__57' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'vase_round' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'Material__57' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'vase_round' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'vase' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'vase' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'vase' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'vase' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'Material__25' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'Material__298' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'Material__25' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'Material__298' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'bricks' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'roof' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'roof' ] not found in .mtl
material [ 'bricks' ] not found in .mtl

err = 
